Fix keypoint issues (#259)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.perception: com.unity.perception/Documentation~/PerceptionCamera.md

> The RenderedObjectInfoLabeler records a list of all objects visible in the Camera image, including its instance ID, resolved label ID and visible pixels. If Unity cannot resolve objects to a label in the IdLabelConfig, it does not record these objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `RenderedObjectInfoLabeler` records a list of all objects visible in the camera image, including their instance ID, resolved label ID, and visible pixels. If Unity cannot resolve objects to a label in the IdLabelConfig, it does not record these objects.
```

Author: Made minor tweak and updated

> The RenderedObjectInfoLabeler records a list of all objects visible in the Camera image, including its instance ID, resolved label ID and visible pixels. If Unity cannot resolve objects to a label in the IdLabelConfig, it does not record these objects.

Author: ```suggestion
The `RenderedObjectInfoLabeler` records a list of all objects visible in the camera image, including their instance IDs, resolved label IDs, and visible pixel counts. If Unity cannot resolve objects to a label in the `IdLabelConfig`, it does not record these objects.
```

### Keypoint Labeler

> The keypoint labeler captures the screen locations of specific points on labeled GameObjects. The typical use of this labeler is capturing human pose estimation data, but it can be used to capture points on any kind of object. The labeler uses a [keypoint template](#KeypointTemplate) which defines the keypoints to capture for the model and the skeletal connections between those keypoints. The positions of the keypoints are recorded in pixel coordinates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The keypoint labeler captures the screen locations of specific points on labeled GameObjects. The typical use of this Labeler is capturing human pose estimation data, but it can be used to capture points on any kind of object. The Labeler uses a [Keypoint Template](#KeypointTemplate) which defines the keypoints to capture for the model and the skeletal connections between those keypoints. The positions of the keypoints are recorded in pixel coordinates.
```
